Go around there
I'm in the process of considering the Sato law revision
But
Lost but allowed to pass by signs
In addition to the above, when the automatic display operates, the burn-up phase test is started
Limited sale when it is unavoidable to do
To do
To clarify the prefecture side legal affairs so that one side can pass
We are considering
This is the same as I mentioned earlier
Promote measures and kill fraudulent claims
A passing rule that can be protected is being made
Those partnerships are also trying to vigorously pursue
It is
Also in that respect the fourth is about the passage of bicycles
I want to make an additional trump, now the bikes trail the team
As it is in the situation to pass
Despite not meeting the requirements
For bicycle users who can pass the sidewalk while driving on the driveway
I am thinking about future correspondence
In the investigation, the situation where the last bicycle sidewalk pass is increased
That's the idea
On the other hand, even in the same town, pedestrians have seven colors such as abalone and fire the night before
Children's for not being able to hide the bicycle on the sidewalk
We will strengthen it
At the end of last year as one of the requirements to be able to participate in spreading smiles
We announced
Drive from the yen to the child metabo quarter
Things went out if there was a risk
Like this but this is in place avoid the danger
There is something that we consider to be the situation in order to
55 Ming Makuhari Data Center to raise
In some cases, there are young people and
Whether it corresponds to
We would like to do mac on the next shot
In addition, the Ministry of Finance is about 70 balls from last year about this
Master data relationship ã‡ Foremost police car traffic volume
And the passage of bicycles
Sporadic high birth
Announced when giving up when trying to kiss
As a police station there are too many such measures
The sea is rough and in reality
Bicycles are the driveway principle In the venue of the summit meeting Bicycles are the driveway
Do not take policy studies that require measures to ban traffic
I want to say clearly that
I think